feat: `autoSave` for edit pages (#4591)
refinedev/refine: documentation/docs/api-reference/antd/components/auto-save-indicator.md

---
id: antd-auto-save-indicator
title: <AutoSaveIndicator>
sidebar_label: <AutoSaveIndicator>
description: <AutoSaveIndicator> component shows `autosave` status on edit actions.
source: packages/antd/src/components/autoSaveIndicator/index.tsx
---

> `<AutoSaveIndicator>` component from **refine** for **Ant Design** contains logic for showing `autosave` feature. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<AutoSaveIndicator>` component from **refine** for **Ant Design** can be used to communicate auto-save status to the user. 
```
